me too all right then you lunch I'm
joking I'm joking hate your language on
bail i'm gonna I don't nail it give my
mother
yeah we might like on the Latin or
Fletcher now be my new guys here now ah
right end up niche NW the tiny parka was
a like tonight is a loser
but i'll i'm popeye doing good wise
enough huh but babe you did what yet you
are like one name now lamb Canyon is
here now oh thank you and I go in that
be king / take a ton so look we're here
comes our I it makes another hit little
powder ulah ulah ancient hanggang a
visual boy well I'm a big building down
if I ain't ano good when I be tellin ya
know ya
Oh God ah hi McKnight now you're back oh
look a lot nickel and now we're changing
AG multi-degree McMillan's openings are
too i thought you know from Katara even
yeah and yeah yeah alagai where day mmm
oh hi nazar i will say map night good
night babe mine okay okay gaga Margaret
john-boy Val ready ah yeah